Constrain APOLLO_ROUTER_LOG and --log global levels to the router (#3477)
apollographql/router: .changesets/feat_garypen_3474_log_filter.md

### Constrain APOLLO_ROUTER_LOG and --log global levels to the router ([Issue #3474](https://github.com/apollographql/router/issues/3474))

> It would be nice if users could specify just a log level and the router applied the required filtering to constrain the logging to the `apollo_router` module.
> 
> It would also be nice if, for advanced users, you could exercise the full power of a logging filter.
> 
> This PR enables both these use cases.
> 
> If you set a filter using `RUST_LOG`, it is used as is.
> 
> If you set it using `APOLLO_ROUTER_LOG` or `--log`, then any "global" scope levels are constrained to `apollo_router`.
> 
> Thus:
> 
> ```
> RUST_LOG=apollo_router=warn
> --log warn
> APOLLO_ROUTER_LOG=warn
> ```
> 
> are equivalent with all three statements resulting in `warn` level logging for the router.
> 
> For more details, read the logging configuration documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`APOLLO_ROUTER_LOG` and `--log` now implicitly set a filter constraining the logging to the `apollo_router` module. Simplifying the debugging experience for users.

For advanced users `RUST_LOG` can be used for standard log filter behavior.

Thus:

```
RUST_LOG=apollo_router=warn
--log warn
APOLLO_ROUTER_LOG=warn
```

are equivalent with all three statements resulting in `warn` level logging for the router.

For more details, read the logging configuration documentation.
```
